content/en/working-group/base-template.md, before:

---
title: Base Template
poc: "[Aidan Doherty](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U019868JEQ0)"
meeting: Thursdays at 2 p.m. Pacific Time (on Google Meet).
status: Active
description: Use the base template to create new doctype templates; apply insights from that process to improve the base template.
slackName: base-template
slackID: C01U0A46KN2
notesURL: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jKFy7rQ7Rv4nP797cwuLssrbplFQ2ZIM_XewsV0Xj1Q/edit#
members:
  - "[Aidan Doherty](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U019868JEQ0)"
  - "[Alyssa Rock](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U012KCMPP0V)"
  - "[cameronshorter](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/UKTGLQNGG)"
  - "[macklin](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U01DYRWG43X)"
draft: false
---

A key initiative for The Good Docs Project is creating doctype templates that can be used to quickly and easily create documentation.
For this working group, we are looking for technical writers and other interested folks who want to collaborate on creating the ideal page structure for different types of doc pages. 

We plan to use the base template (a "template of templates") that we've created as the starting point for this work.
We also take inspiration from the doc types in the Divio Documentation System.
Join this group to get your hands dirty on the content/editorial side of the project.
We will divide up the remaining tasks to write new templates.

Our primary goal is to finalize enough templates to power a demo at an upcoming conference.

Commit message:

Changing description and membership
Modifying this to represent the new focus, meeting time, and Cameron taking over as organizer.

content/en/working-group/base-template.md, after:

---
title: Base Template
poc: "[Cameron Shorter](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/UKTGLQNGG)"
meeting: Sundays at 4:30 p.m. Pacific Time (on Google Meet).
status: Active
description: Use the base template to create new doctype templates; apply insights from that process to improve the base template.
slackName: base-template
slackID: C01U0A46KN2
notesURL: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jKFy7rQ7Rv4nP797cwuLssrbplFQ2ZIM_XewsV0Xj1Q/edit#
members:
  - "[Alyssa Rock](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U012KCMPP0V)"
  - "[cameronshorter](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/UKTGLQNGG)"
  - "[macklin](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U01DYRWG43X)"
draft: false
---

A key initiative for The Good Docs Project is creating doctype templates that can be used to quickly and easily create documentation.
For this working group, we are refining the contributing process for writing templates. 

We plan to use the base template (a "template of templates") that we've created as the starting point for this work.
