content/en/working-group/chronologue.md, before:

---
title: Chronologue Working Group
poc: "[Alyssa Rock](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U012KCMPP0V)"
meeting: Ad-hoc for now.
status: Active
description: Creating a fictional example software project, called Chronologue, for when documentation needs examples. We're on a mission to avoid 'foo' and 'bar', so we're writing real, contextual examples for use by The Good Docs and other projects.
slackName: chronologue-docs
slackID: C016L3962CU
notesURL: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Pr8ncPr2qAnwE4umr4lFVRiUhBGM1n8wESKgrz2YEoo/edit?usp=sharing
members:
  - "[Alyssa Rock](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U012KCMPP0V)"
  - "[Bryan Klein](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U018BJR6JQN)"
  - "[Erin McKean](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/UL2AA1FF1)"
  - "[Felicity Brand](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/UKV4ZPEFQ)"
draft: false
---
Examples are good.
They help templateers demonstrate how a template works and they help readers understand a complex concept.
We want to avoid using 'foo' and 'bar' - the Lorem Ipsum of code placeholders.
We're working to create a fake software product (and the world it exists in) to allow templateers and documentarians to have a wealth of meaningful contextual examples for use in documentation.

Everyone is welcome to come and play with us.
If you've always wanted to create a fake API or design a fake UI, this is the group for you.
If you've got a flair for fiction writing, world-building or simply want to come and have some fun, please join us.

Commit message:

Updated the chronologue WG page

content/en/working-group/chronologue.md, after:

---
title: Chronologue Working Group
poc: "[Tina Lüdtke](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U02EQQDFLE8)"
meeting: Saturdays 1 pm (Pacific time) (9 pm GMT).
status: Active
description: Creating a fictional example software project, called Chronologue, for when documentation needs examples. We're on a mission to avoid 'foo' and 'bar', so we're writing real, contextual examples for use by The Good Docs and other projects.
slackName: chronologue-docs
slackID: C016L3962CU
notesURL: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Pr8ncPr2qAnwE4umr4lFVRiUhBGM1n8wESKgrz2YEoo/edit?usp=sharing
members:
  - "[Tina Lüdtke - Working group captain](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U02EQQDFLE8)"
  - "[Alyssa Rock - Technical writer](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U012KCMPP0V)"
  - "[Ian - API designer](https://github.com/fineon)"
  - "[Serena Jolley - UX designer](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U02FZSBAHTM)"
  - "[Bryan Klein - Doc tools](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U018BJR6JQN)"
  - "[Erin McKean - Technical writer & initiator](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/UL2AA1FF1)"
  - "[Felicity Brand - Technical writer](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/UKV4ZPEFQ)"
draft: false
---
Examples are good.
They help templateers demonstrate how a template works and they help readers understand a complex concept.
We want to avoid using 'foo' and 'bar' - the Lorem Ipsum of code placeholders.
We're working to create a fake software product: The Chronologue.

The Chronologue is a fictional telescope that can look into the past, and make predictions for the future, too. 
Users can watch pre-rendered events on a website, or submit requests for new events to be recorded. 
What we're currently up to: 
- Specifying an API to retrieve data
- Prototyping user journeys and wireframes 
- Building a prototype of a website

Our goal is serve as an example that templateers and documentarians can use to demonstrate what good docs look like.

Everyone is welcome to come and play with us.
If you've always wanted to create a fake API or design a fake UI, this is the group for you.
