content/en/working-group/content-strategy.md, before:

---
title: Content Strategy
poc: "[Carrie Crowe](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U01QS8YAHHN)"
meeting: TBD
status: Active
description: Creating
slackName: content-strategy
slackID: C023G344YAJ
notesURL: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1x6SExdCncsbRb3XMUYyshXcPo5OIFxT81fvComNJjkc/edit?usp=sharing
members:
  - "[Aidan Doherty](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U019868JEQ0)"
  - "[Alyssa Rock](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U012KCMPP0V)"
  - "[Bryan Klein](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U018BJR6JQN)"
  - "[Cameron Shorter](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/UKTGLQNGG)"
  - "[Carrie Crowe](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U01QS8YAHHN)"
  - "[Ryan Macklin](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U01DYRWG43X)"
draft: false
---

The Content Strategy working group ensures that the content on our various communication channels supports our project's objectives and meets the needs of our contributors, users, and followers.

This group's will work on defining users by monitoring site analytics or conducting user research, defining who will help create content and how, and develop our content lifecycle.

Join this group if you are interested in user research, social media, and high-level discussions about content strategy!

Commit message:

Fix the group description for the Content Strategy WG

content/en/working-group/content-strategy.md, after:

---
title: Content Strategy
poc: "[Carrie Crowe](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U01QS8YAHHN)"
meeting: TBD
status: Active
description: Collaborating to create the overall content strategy for the Good Docs project.
slackName: content-strategy
slackID: C023G344YAJ
notesURL: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1x6SExdCncsbRb3XMUYyshXcPo5OIFxT81fvComNJjkc/edit?usp=sharing
members:
  - "[Aidan Doherty](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U019868JEQ0)"
  - "[Alyssa Rock](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U012KCMPP0V)"
  - "[Bryan Klein](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U018BJR6JQN)"
  - "[Cameron Shorter](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/UKTGLQNGG)"
  - "[Carrie Crowe](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U01QS8YAHHN)"
  - "[Ryan Macklin](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U01DYRWG43X)"
draft: false
---

The Content Strategy working group ensures that the content on our various communication channels supports our project's objectives and meets the needs of our contributors, users, and followers.

This group's will work on defining users by monitoring site analytics or conducting user research, defining who will help create content and how, and develop our content lifecycle.

Join this group if you are interested in user research, social media, and high-level discussions about content strategy!
