content/en/working-group/docs-advocacy-and-education.md, before:

---
title: Procope
poc: "[Ryan Macklin](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U01DYRWG43X)"
meeting: Still being determined; come join and help us decide!
status: Active
description: Generating videos, blog entries, and other media to promote greater empathy for documentation readers and share best practices for documentation creators.
slackName: cafe-procope
slackID: C01SDNR5X1C
notesURL: http://bit.ly/gcp-procope-meeting
members:
 - "[Aaron Peters](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U013XPC8Q9Z)"
 - "[Alyssa Rock](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U012KCMPP0V)"
 - "[Ryan Macklin](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U01DYRWG43X)"
 - "[Carrie Crowe](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U01QS8YAHHN)"
draft: false
---
Our group's mission statement: Educating the public on strong documentation philosophies and practices, to empower those who aren't primarily tech writers (and also those who are).
One part of improving docs in open source is getting buy-in from developers about why docs matter.
Another part is helping people interested in good documentation learn how to create it!

Join this group if you’re interested in working on videos, scripts, blog entries, white papers, or any other kind of media that will promote documentation fundamentals and best practices.
Our group's working model is largely distributed efforts to create content, brought together in review and scheduled by one of the lead publishers.
We're looking for people who want to offer doc advocacy and practices, or who want to learn those things and be involved with critiquing submitted content.

Commit message:

Renaming Procope to Docs Advocacy (#152)
* Renaming Procope to Docs Advocacy

Fixing the outdated nate before Portland

* Update content/en/working-group/docs-advocacy-and-education.md

Co-authored-by: flicstar <flicstar@users.noreply.github.com>

Co-authored-by: Bryan Klein <klein@thunderheadeng.com>
Co-authored-by: flicstar <flicstar@users.noreply.github.com>

content/en/working-group/docs-advocacy-and-education.md, after:

---
title: Docs Advocacy & Education
poc: "[Ryan Macklin](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U01DYRWG43X)"
meeting: Floating meetings and working sessions at least twice a month
status: Active
description: Generating videos, blog entries, and other media to promote greater empathy for documentation readers and share best practices for documentation creators.
slackName: cafe-procope
slackID: C01SDNR5X1C
notesURL: http://bit.ly/gcp-procope-meeting
members:
 - "[Felicity Brand](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/UKV4ZPEFQ)"
 - "[Carrie Crowe](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U01QS8YAHHN)"
 - "[Bryan Klein](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U018BJR6JQN)"
 - "[Tina Lüdtke](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U02EQQDFLE8)"
 - "[Ryan Macklin](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U01DYRWG43X)"
 - "[Aaron Peters](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U013XPC8Q9Z)"
 - "[Alyssa Rock](https://thegooddocs.slack.com/team/U012KCMPP0V)"
draft: false
---
Our group's mission statement: Educating the public on strong documentation philosophies and practices, to empower those who aren't primarily tech writers (and also those who are).
One part of improving docs in open source is getting buy-in from developers about why docs matter.
Another part is helping people interested in good documentation learn how to create it!

Join this group if you’re interested in working on blog entries, white papers, or any other kind of media that will promote documentation fundamentals and best practices. (We have ambitions for videos in the future.)

Our group's working model is largely distributed efforts to create content, brought together in review and scheduled by one of the lead publishers.
We're looking for people who want to offer doc advocacy and practices, or who want to learn those things and be involved with critiquing submitted content.
