content/en/author/ryan_macklin.md, before:

---
title: Ryan Macklin
image: /uploads/ryan_macklin.jpg
description: empathy evangelist, mentor
follow: Need more Ryan? Visit [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com)
web: ""
email: ""
social:
  github: ""
  gitlab: ""
  linkedin: ""
  medium: ""
  twitter: ""
  instagram: ""
type: author
lastmod: 2022-03-24T21:11:02.081Z
draft: true
---

A bit of history and a bio as needed. Bacon ipsum dolor sit amet t-bone doner shank drumstick, pork belly porchetta chuck sausage brisket ham hock rump pig. Chuck kielbasa leberkas, pork bresaola ham hock filet mignon cow shoulder short ribs biltong.
{class="lead" }

On big screens, paragraphs and headings should not take up the full container width, but we want tables, code blocks and similar to take the full width.

## Header 2

> This is a blockquote following a header. Bacon ipsum dolor sit amet t-bone doner shank drumstick, pork belly porchetta chuck sausage brisket ham hock rump pig. Chuck kielbasa leberkas, pork bresaola ham hock filet mignon cow shoulder short ribs biltong.

Commit message:

first post copy + ryan's actual bio (#155)
* first post copy + ryan's actual bio

* Restructured images in uploads folder, added first splash

* Updated locations of images in posts/bios

* Shaped the landing pages for /blog and /author

* Update netlify.toml

Allow for future posts and drafts to show up in branch and PR deploy previews.

* flicstar edits to post

* Minor changes, renamed file from 'first'

* Tweaked list punctuation

* Fixed another list punct

* added writers-block as a tag

* add image credit

* Clean up markdown a bit.
Remove commenting from system (gitlab migration issue).
Add 'title' function to post titles in list and single views.
Move images from 'splash' to parent 'blog' folder.
Remove demo images.

Co-authored-by: Bryan Klein <klein@thunderheadeng.com>
Co-authored-by: flicstar <felicitybrand@gmail.com>

content/en/author/ryan_macklin.md, after:

---
title: Ryan Macklin
image: /uploads/blog/authors/ryan_macklin.jpg
description: empathy evangelist, writing mentor
follow: Ryan sometimes remembers to check
  [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ryanmacklin/) and  [@adocgeek
  on  Twitter](https://twitter.com/adocgeek)
web: https://macklin.cc/
email: ""
social:
  github: ""
  gitlab: ""
  linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ryanmacklin/
  medium: ""
  twitter: https://twitter.com/adocgeek
  instagram: ""
type: author
lastmod: 2022-05-06T17:09:07.466Z
draft: false
---


Ryan Macklin (he/they) is one of the founders of Empathy Advocacy, a branch of UX focused on how psychology and neurobiology are linked, with heavy respect for neurodiversity and trauma experiences.
{class="lead"}

Ryan joined The Good Docs Project in late 2020, and currently serves as one of the project's co-chairs.
He can technically be found on [Twitter as @adocgeek](https://twitter.com/adocgeek) or on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ryanmacklin/), but he's as likely to be working on some new accessibility tech for his home or doing some woodworking or gardening.
He'll also talk your ear off about game design and print publishing, as old loves of his.
